hi guys it's kale here and today I will
show you my brand new dynamic microphone
it's behringer XM 8500 it's a dynamic
vocal microphone as you can hear it
sounds so pretty good for its a 20 bucks
price a little bit about the
specifications the type is cardio it
dynamic any directional the impedance is
250 ohms the sensitivity is minus 70
decibels the bandwidth is from 50 Hertz
to 15 Q Hertz which is pretty good for
dynamic microphone and it weight is only
240 grams so it's a pretty light
microphone the connector is XLR
gold-plated drippings the pop filter is
integrated here and it comes with a
microphone stand adapter like this what
else it's a hook to my sound card which
is so a module FastTrack
mk2 here it is the fast-track mk2 I'm
very glad of it it's still working
perfectly and it's a it's not expensive
what else as you can hear the sound is
crisp clear and there aren't any
background noises and stuff like this
the sound is really clear and there are
no eq's though this is how it sounds
exactly without any equalizers
compressors or anything else and yeah if
you want achieve microphone but still
still to sound pretty good this is the
microphone for you